The system categorizes users on the basis of roles and privileges. Within these roles, the system also categorizes users based on the roles that they have within individual products. These are referred to as user account roles.
The external email system is to provide a messaging service from Mashbot to the Mashbot users
The input is generated automatically by the Mashbot system using settings configurable by the System Administrator.
The output is in the form of an e-mail to an e-mail account, but it does not return any sort of message to Mashbot.
The format uses SMTP protocol. The actual messages are provided by Mashbot.
Mashbot Campaigns supports the following account roles: Contributor, Approver, Publisher
A user may possess more than one role.
Roles reflect actions that can be performed by a user.
Roles can be assigned to a user account for individual products.
Contributors may create new content, import existing content into the system, edit content, and delete it. They may also submit these actions for approval."
Approvers can approve actions performed by contributors
Publishers may schedule or immediately initiate actions put forth by contributors and those approved by approvers
New user accounts can be created.
The system may contain any number of user accounts.
Certain pieces of information are required to create new accounts. The following information is required for any new user account: Username, Password, Name, Email Address, Group Membership, User Account Type 
The system allows users to modify their accounts once created.
The system requires that a user have logged in before modifications can be made. The following user account information is modifiable by all user types: Password, Email Address, Name
The system allows user accounts to be deactivated.
The system denies user who have been deactivated from accessing the system.
If an account has any history associated with it, it can only be deactivated and not deleted.
If an account has no history associated with it, it can be deleted from the system. 
A disable account can be undisabled
It is possible to disable all accounts except for the System Administrator account.
The system gives users the ability to reset their password.
Individual passwords can be reset.
The system only allows users to change their own passwords.
Mashbot will allow for the association of Mashbot accounts with external service accounts.
Mashbot will provide an interface for authenticating a user account to an external service account
Mashbot will provide a standardized method of interacting with external service accounts
The system encrypts data over a direct connection between the web client and the server.
The system encrypts data over a direct connection between the web client and the server
The system is configurable to e-mail warnings about multiple failed login attempts from the same user. These warnings are sent to the System Administrator. Other security risks of this type are the responsibility of the System Administrator
The system allows for the backup of the data system to local or remote non-volatile storage systems. Incremental backups should not create outages and full backups do not interfere with user interaction for more than 10 minutes
Split a pdf document through the GUI Interface. This plugin allows you to set a number of options that will be used to split the document.
The user can divide a pdf document into parts, following some options for how to split the document. Then he can save the output pdf files in a directory he wants.
The user has to select the Split option from the plugins tree (or press the “S” key) to display the split panel.
Selection panel: The user selects the document he wants to split from a directory. When the file is imported, some information about the file displayed (such as pages number, pdf version…). If the document is protected the user have to enter the password to the appropriate field and then reload the pdf.
Destination folder: The user selects the destination folder for the output files (specific or same as source). Also, he can select whether he wants the output files to be compressed or not, and the pdf version of the generated documents.
Merge many pdf documents or subsections of them.
A schedule is a mapping of times to publishing actions. It may contain any actions a publisher can perform, and these actions are performed at the associated time
To log onto the system, a user provides their valid username and password
The system uses the configured authentication module. The authentication method is configurable by the System Administrator
The system allows only valid users to log into the system. A valid user is one which has not been disabled or deleted and exists on the system
Extract sections of a document into a single document.
The system allows the System Administrator to configure a timeout after which a user is automatically logged out of Mashbot
Users can merge many pdf documents or subsections of them together. In the same way, they can extract some sections of a pdf document into a single document.
pages number in the page selection must be comprehended.
The compression of the output files requires pdf version 1.5 or above.
The user can mix only 2 documents at a time (not more or less).
The number of digits that can be used for the unique [FILENUMBER] prefix must be 10 or less.